README.md, before:

# Insula
Insula is a framework written in [Odin](https://odin-lang.org) (a C-like programming language) designed for 2D game development and graphical applications. It provide
modular libraries for OpenGL/WebGL rendering, audio abstraction, window management, and 2D physics, making a powerful and flexible tool for developpers.


⚠️ Note: Insula is currently a work in progress. While some features are functional, others are still under development. See below for details.


## Feature
- **Built from scratch**: inspired by [Crow2D](https://github.com/gingerBill/crow2d/), [Raylib](https://github.com/raysan5/raylib) and [Love2D](https://www.love2d.org/)
- **Highly modular**: Insula is being designed to allow developers to replace its core libraries with alternative solutions, enabling full customization

## Default Libraries

Insula includes the following libraries by default:
- **Ogygia**: Handles 2D rendering using OpenGL/WebGL.
  - 🚧 Missing features: Certain OpenGL bindings (e.g., framebuffer support) are not yet implemented
- **Avalon**: Manage window creation and handling.
  - 🚧 Missing features: Gamepad support is not yet available.
- **Sirenuse**: Provides audio processing and playback.
  - 🚧 Status: Not implemented yet.
  
## Getting Started

Here's a simple example of how to use Insula to create a window and render basic shape:
```odin
package main

import av "insula/avalon" // For window management
import og "insula/ogygia" // For 2D rendering
import    "core:fmt"

SCREEN_WIDTH  :: 800
SCREEN_HEIGHT :: 600

fini :: proc(ctx: ^av.Context) {
    og.destroy()
}

update :: proc(ctx: ^av.Context, dt: f32) {
    og.draw_rect({10, 10}, {100, 100}, color = og.RED)
    og.draw_all()
}

init :: proc(ctx: ^av.Context) -> bool {
    // check at compile time if targetting desktop or web
    when ODIN_OS != .JS {
        og.load_extensions(av.gl_set_proc_address)
    } else {
        og.load_extensions("game")
    }
	
    if !og.init(ctx.screen_width, ctx.screen_height) {
        fmt.eprintln("Could not init GL context for some reason")
        return false
    }
	
    og.set_background(og.WHITE)
    return true
}

main :: proc() {
    if !av.init(SCREEN_WIDTH, SCREEN_HEIGHT, "Hello world", init, update, fini) {
        panic("Something went wrong")
    }
    av.start()
}
```

## Roadmap
Here are the planned steps for the project's development:
1. Add missing OpenGL/WebGL bindings in Ogygia
2. implement gamepad support in Avalon
3. Develop and integrate the audio system for both desktop and Web (Sirenuse)
4. Expand documentation and create tutorials

Commit message:

Add a demo link on README

README.md, after:

# Insula
Insula is a framework written in [Odin](https://odin-lang.org) (a C-like programming language) designed for 2D game development and graphical applications. It provide
modular libraries for OpenGL/WebGL rendering, audio abstraction, window management, and 2D physics, making a powerful and flexible tool for developpers.


⚠️ Note: Insula is currently a work in progress. While some features are functional, others are still under development. See below for details.


## Feature
- **Built from scratch**: inspired by [Crow2D](https://github.com/gingerBill/crow2d/), [Raylib](https://github.com/raysan5/raylib) and [Love2D](https://www.love2d.org/)
- **Highly modular**: Insula is being designed to allow developers to replace its core libraries with alternative solutions, enabling full customization

## Default Libraries

Insula includes the following libraries by default:
- **Ogygia**: Handles 2D rendering using OpenGL/WebGL.
  - 🚧 Missing features: Certain OpenGL bindings (e.g., framebuffer support) are not yet implemented
- **Avalon**: Manage window creation and handling.
  - 🚧 Missing features: Gamepad support is not yet available.
- **Sirenuse**: Provides audio processing and playback.
  - 🚧 Status: Not implemented yet.
  
## Getting Started

Here's a simple example of how to use Insula to create a window and render basic shape:
```odin
package main

import av "insula/avalon" // For window management
import og "insula/ogygia" // For 2D rendering
import    "core:fmt"

SCREEN_WIDTH  :: 800
SCREEN_HEIGHT :: 600

fini :: proc(ctx: ^av.Context) {
    og.destroy()
}

update :: proc(ctx: ^av.Context, dt: f32) {
    og.draw_rect({10, 10}, {100, 100}, color = og.RED)
    og.draw_all()
}

init :: proc(ctx: ^av.Context) -> bool {
    // check at compile time if targetting desktop or web
    when ODIN_OS != .JS {
        og.load_extensions(av.gl_set_proc_address)
    } else {
        og.load_extensions("game")
    }
	
    if !og.init(ctx.screen_width, ctx.screen_height) {
        fmt.eprintln("Could not init GL context for some reason")
        return false
    }
	
    og.set_background(og.WHITE)
    return true
}

main :: proc() {
    if !av.init(SCREEN_WIDTH, SCREEN_HEIGHT, "Hello world", init, update, fini) {
        panic("Something went wrong")
    }
    av.start()
}
```

## Demonstrations

To see Insula in action, you can try our online game demo:
- [Spacebattle](https://spad0n.github.io/avalon-demo): A port of my game Spacebattle, originally written in C using SDL2, now powered by Insula.

## Roadmap
Here are the planned steps for the project's development:
1. Add missing OpenGL/WebGL bindings in Ogygia
2. implement gamepad support in Avalon
3. Develop and integrate the audio system for both desktop and Web (Sirenuse)
4. Expand documentation and create tutorials
